fixed spelling and grammatical errors (#608)
algorithmiaio/dev-center: _pages/platform/organization-profile.md

title: "Organizations"
---

> If you're looking to share algorithms privately or publish algorithms on behalf of an organization, such as a university, private company, or open-source community, then you should consider using our organization's feature.

Reviewer: This is actually already correct as is; "organizations" is what we call the feature, so it's plural and not possessive.

> If you're looking to share algorithms privately or publish algorithms on behalf of an organization, such as a university, private company, or open-source community, then you should consider using our organization's feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking to share algorithms privately or publish algorithms on behalf of an organization, such as a university, private company, or open-source community, then you should consider using our organizations feature.
```

## Profile page contents

> The profile overview provides a rich source of information about an organization. In the overview, you can find the name of an organization, its members, and a list of the algorithms under its ownership. If you're an administrator for the organization, you'll also be able to invite and delete members, as well as edit basic information about the organization.

Reviewer: Thanks!

### Inviting users to an organization

> You can invite users to your organization by clicking the **Invite Member** button at the upper-right corner of the organization profile. You can invite members either by using their Algorithmia account name or by providing their email addresses. Users invited by account name will receive an email and as well as an in-platform notification to join the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can invite users to your organization by clicking the **Invite Member** button at the upper-right corner of the organization profile. You can invite a member either by using their Algorithmia account name or by providing their email address. Users invited by account name will receive an email and as well as an in-platform notification to join the organization.
```
Thanks; the use of "their" was intended to be singular and gender neutral, but I see it wasn't clear. I've updated the wording to be clearer, how does this sound?

**Note:** Every new version of the algorithm to be published will require independent approval.

> At this time you'll be able to set the royalty (if any) if you're using our non-Enterprise platform and finalize publishing.

Reviewer: Thanks; everything after this point actually applies to our deprecated public marketplace platform and will be going away, but I can make those changes myself.
